README.md, before:

# denote: Simple notes with an efficient file-naming scheme

Denote is a simple note-taking tool for Emacs.  It is based on the idea
that notes should follow a predictable and descriptive file-naming
scheme.  The file name must offer a clear indication of what the note is
about, without reference to any other metadata.  Denote basically
streamlines the creation of such files while providing facilities to
link between them.

[Watch the video demo that was produced before version 0.1.0 of the
package](https://protesilaos.com/codelog/2022-06-18-denote-demo/).

+ Package name (GNU ELPA): `denote`
+ Official manual: <https://protesilaos.com/emacs/denote> (the manual is
  installed with the package---evaluate `(info "(denote) Top")`)
+ Change log: <https://protesilaos.com/emacs/denote-changelog>
+ Git repo on SourceHut: <https://git.sr.ht/~protesilaos/denote>
  - Mirrors:
    + GitHub: <https://github.com/protesilaos/denote>
    + GitLab: <https://gitlab.com/protesilaos/denote>
+ Mailing list: <https://lists.sr.ht/~protesilaos/denote>
+ Backronyms: Denote Everything Neatly; Omit The Excesses.  Don't Ever
  Note Only The Epiphenomenal.

Commit message:

Expand overview to remark Denote's use beside "notes"

README.md, after:

# denote: Simple notes with an efficient file-naming scheme

Denote is a simple note-taking tool for Emacs.  It is based on the idea
that notes should follow a predictable and descriptive file-naming
scheme.  The file name must offer a clear indication of what the note is
about, without reference to any other metadata.  Denote basically
streamlines the creation of such files while providing facilities to
link between them.

Denote's file-naming scheme is not limited to "notes".  It can be used
for all types of file, including those that are not editable in Emacs,
such as videos.  Naming files in a constistent way makes their
filtering and retrieval considerably easier.  Denote provides relevant
facilities to rename files, regardless of file type.

[Watch the video demo that was produced before version 0.1.0 of the
package](https://protesilaos.com/codelog/2022-06-18-denote-demo/).

+ Package name (GNU ELPA): `denote`
+ Official manual: <https://protesilaos.com/emacs/denote> (the manual is
  installed with the package---evaluate `(info "(denote) Top")`)
+ Change log: <https://protesilaos.com/emacs/denote-changelog>
+ Git repo on SourceHut: <https://git.sr.ht/~protesilaos/denote>
  - Mirrors:
    + GitHub: <https://github.com/protesilaos/denote>
    + GitLab: <https://gitlab.com/protesilaos/denote>
+ Mailing list: <https://lists.sr.ht/~protesilaos/denote>
+ Backronyms: Denote Everything Neatly; Omit The Excesses.  Don't Ever
  Note Only The Epiphenomenal.
